Kawai upright piano
-------------------

Release 2017-01-28

This sound bank has been created from a Kawai upright piano, located in a
living room. Thanks to Inma Mart√≠nez de Miguel for kindly letting us access to
her home to play and record the piano.

It was recorded by Gonzalo <centralmordor@gmail.com> and Roberto
<roberto@zenvoid.org> on January 2017, using a Zoom H1 portable recorder
mounted on a tripod in front of the piano, approximately at the place where
the head of a piano player would be.

Later, the raw recordings where cropped, edited, and procesed by Roberto,
using free software programs. Sound banks in SFZ and SF2 are created in
several qualities and available on the FreePats project web site:

 http://freepats.zenvoid.org/Piano/acoustic-grand-piano.html#KawaiUpright

The best quality sound bank is composed of 68 stereo samples at 44KHz 24bit,
in two velocity layers. Bass notes contain loops.


License
-------

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later
version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.


As a special exception, if you create a composition which uses these sounds,
and mix these sounds or unaltered portions of these sounds into the
composition, these sounds do not by themselves cause the entire composition
as a whole to be covered by the GNU General Public License. This exception
does not however invalidate any other reasons why the composition might be
covered by the GNU General Public License.

If you modify these sounds, you may extend this exception to your version of
the sounds, but you are not obligated to do so. If you do not wish to do so,
delete this exception statement from your version.
